#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass scrbook
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
JProjectInspector
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subtitle
Manual
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
André Schnabel
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset toc
LatexCommand tableofcontents

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter
Installation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The tool requires a working installation of the git distributed version
 control client and a Perl interpreter (or alternatively a binary version
 of cloc, e.g.
 cloc.exe).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Git
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Under Linux this can easily be installed using the package manager of the
 distribution.
 E.g.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

apt-get install git
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 on Debian/Ubuntu.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Cloc
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Cloc is a Perl script that counts the actual code lines in source files
 written in a variety of popular languages.
 Again under Linux something like 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

apt-get install cloc
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 depending on the specific distribution should do the trick.
 On OS X it can be installed using 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

brew install cloc
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 This requires the Homebrew package manager.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Configuring JProjectInspector
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
JProjectInspector requires three settings to work correctly:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Path to valid folder for temporary cloning of Git repositories from GitHub.
 This is needed for offline metrics to work.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Path to git executable.
 This is also needed for offline metrics.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Path to Perl interpreter and cloc.pl OR path to cloc-executable.
 Required for loc metrics.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter
Overview of JProjectInspector
\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter
Measurement
\end_layout

\begin_layout Chapter
Benchmarking
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
